README.md, before:

# Introduction to LaTeX
These are the course notes for the [Introduction to LaTeX](http://app.manchester.ac.uk/rlatex) course at the University Of Manchester.

They were transcribed and adapted from Tom Bishop's course at the University of Southampton, in a joint effort by Tom Bishop and Gerard Capes.

The .tex file are usually compiled using pdfLaTeX; the only auxiliary file required is the University of Manchester logo, of which a copy is included in this repository. 

All of the materials here (excluded the University of Manchester logo) are licenced under [CC-BY-SA v4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## BibTeX branch
This branch uses BibTeX for referencing, while the biber branch uses Biber.
Biber is newer and has more advanced features.
BibTeX can be simpler to set up, especially for teaching where the desktop environment is more controlled than on a typical user's machine.

## How to build a pdf of the slides and exercises
Run `PdfLaTeX` on *slides.tex* or *exercises.tex* as appropriate.
You can use the *Build & View* button in TeXstudio for this purpose.

Commit message:

Give course repo download instruction

README.md, after:

# Introduction to LaTeX
These are the course notes for the [Introduction to LaTeX](http://app.manchester.ac.uk/rlatex) course at the University Of Manchester.

They were transcribed and adapted from Tom Bishop's course at the University of Southampton, in a joint effort by Tom Bishop and Gerard Capes.

The .tex file are usually compiled using pdfLaTeX; the only auxiliary file required is the University of Manchester logo, of which a copy is included in this repository. 

All of the materials here (excluded the University of Manchester logo) are licenced under [CC-BY-SA v4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## BibTeX branch
This branch uses BibTeX for referencing, while the biber branch uses Biber.
Biber is newer and has more advanced features.
BibTeX can be simpler to set up, especially for teaching where the desktop environment is more controlled than on a typical user's machine.

## How to build a pdf of the slides and exercises
1. Click on the green `Clone or download` button.
   Choose `Download ZIP` or use Git to clone this repository.
2. Run `PdfLaTeX` on *slides.tex* or *exercises.tex* as appropriate.
   You can use the *Build & View* button in TeXstudio for this purpose.
